The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2016 Daniel Pruessner

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


I really cannot stress enough how, if you want to use this library, you should
do your own damn homework and make sure it is secure enough for your needs.  I
took pains to make sure the tests work; however, it may not be immune to
side-channel attacks related to how Ruby implements the multiplications in
Bignum or other places.  However, if your attacker can measure the power of the
CPU on a modern CPU that can run Ruby, then they probably have **far** easier
ways of reading memory across data busses to gain access to secure keys.  Or
access to root accounts and they can just read the main memory.  It's really
easy to find EC25519 keys in memory.  â€” Daniel
